





Web Technologies used by Spotify.com
























advertise here


provided by
Q-Success






Home


Technologies


Reports


API


Sites


Quality


Users


Blog


Forum


FAQ


Search


Featured products and services
advertise here








lookup another site: 
Get our 
site info tools
 or use our 
site info API
.
Site Info - Spotify.com
Overview of web technologies used by Spotify.com.
Website Background
Spotify - Web Player: Music for everyone
Spotify is a digital music service that gives you access to millions of songs.
Description on Homepage
Top 1k among all websites
Popularity rank
Server-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language.
JavaScript
 
used on a subdomain
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, often used within web pages.
JavaScript
 
JavaScript Libraries
jQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
jQuery
 3.6.0
52% of sites use a newer version
used on a subdomain
Bootstrap is an open source HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework.
Bootstrap
 
used on a subdomain
Svelte is an open-source web front end framework created by Rich Harris.
Svelte
 
used on a subdomain
CSS Framework
Bootstrap is an open source HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework.
Bootstrap
 
used on a subdomain
Web Servers
Envoy Proxy is a proxy server designed for large service-oriented architectures. 
Envoy
 
The Apache HTTP Server is an open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache
 
used on a subdomain
Node.js is a server-side JavaScript environment for writing network programs such as web servers, originally developed by Ryan Dahl.
Node.js
 
used on a subdomain
Web Hosting Providers
Google provides various services to run on its servers.
Google
 
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon
 
used on a subdomain
hosting info partly based on data from 
ipinfo.io
Data Center Providers
Google provides various services to run on its servers.
Google
 
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon
 
used on a subdomain
Reverse Proxy Services
Fastly is a content delivery network.
Fastly
 
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery web service by Amazon.
Amazon CloudFront
 
used on a subdomain
Akamai is a content delivery network. This includes the former brands Instart Logic and StackPath.
Akamai
 
used until recently
DNS Server Providers
Google provides various services to run on its servers.
Google
 
NS1 provides managed and private DNS services, owned by IBM.
NS1
 
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon
 
used on a subdomain
Email Server Provider
Gmail is the email service provided by Google.
Gmail
 
SSL Certificate Authorities
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority. This includes Verizon, whose Enterprise SSL Business has been acquired by DigiCert.
DigiCert
 
used on a subdomain
Starfield Technologies is an SSL certificate authority owned by Go Daddy.
Starfield
 
used until recently
IdenTrust is a SSL certificate authority.
IdenTrust
 
used until recently
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
jsDelivr is a service for hosting JavaScript files.
jsDelivr
 
used on a subdomain
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google. This includes the Ads conversion tracking and the Floodlight services.
Google Analytics
 
used on a subdomain
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies
 
used until recently
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads
 
used on a subdomain
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager
 
used on a subdomain
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS
 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS
 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS
 
used on a subdomain
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies
 
used on a subdomain
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours
 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 day and 1 month.
Cookies expiring in days
 
used on a subdomain
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months
 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years
 
used on a subdomain
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies
 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies
 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies
 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies
 
used on a subdomain
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression
 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag
 
used on a subdomain
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6
 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2
 
used on a subdomain
HTTP/3 is the third major version of the HTTP network protocol, derived from the QUIC protocol.
HTTP/3
 
used on a subdomain
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security
 
The websites redirects visitors to use SSL encryption, e.g. from http://example.com/ to https://example.com/.
Default protocol https
 
Structured Data Formats
The Open Graph protocol, originally developed by Facebook, is an RDFa-based format that enables any web page to become a rich object in a social graph.
Open Graph
 
Twitter Cards enable automatic attachment of photos, videos and media elements to Tweets.
Twitter Cards
 
Generic RDFa (Resource Description Framework in attributes) is RDFa without further specialization.
Generic RDFa
 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5
 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8
 
Image File Formats
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG
 
used on a subdomain
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an XML-based vector image format.
SVG
 
used on a subdomain
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG
 
used until recently
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com
 
Server Locations
United States
 
Sweden
 
used on a subdomain
Austria
 
used on a subdomain
Germany
 
used until recently
Finland
 
used until recently
Content Languages
English
 
Spanish
 
German
 
Japanese
 
French
 
Italian
 
Dutch, Flemish
 
Polish
 
Turkish
 
Indonesian
 
Chinese
 
Czech
 
Hungarian
 
Swedish
 
Greek
 
 
 
Share this page




About Us


Disclaimer


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Advertising


Contact





W3Techs on  

 LinkedIn


 Twitter


 Mastodon


 Bluesky




Copyright © 2009-2024 Q-Success

